crypto: change default check(Host|Email) behavior (#41600)
nodejs/node: doc/api/crypto.md

Checks whether the certificate matches the given email address.

> If the `'subject'` option is undefined or set to `'default`', the certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `'subject'` option is undefined or set to `'default'`, the certificate
```

Author: Argh, thanks, I missed this one in #41569. Unfortunately, this PR is semver-major, so fixing it here would prevent it from being backported. https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/41613.
